We've talked a lot about measuring all of
the various channels that you're using in your marketing,
but we've glossed over the importance of comparing channels to one another.
Now there are hundreds of possible channels to market your products.
So it's important that we evaluate which channels perform the
best relative to one another within our target customer segment.
Marketing channel analytics looks at costs and return on
investment so that the marketing budget can be used more effectively.
We use channel analytics to answer several questions,
such as, what type of marketing is most cost effective for us?
What channel yields the best result or yields the most profit?
The big trap to avoid here is not assessing each channel on its own,
because it's rare that one channel will get all of the credit.
Remember, the customer's moving through that complex journey.
So we have to be delicate with how we handle this analysis.
Let's look at a few ways that we can compare our channel analytics.